If you want to make paid ads work, here
are six truths we've learned from
scaling over $3 million in ad spend. If
you're new to the channel, I'm Sylvia
Perez. I'm the founder of Ad Conversion.
We teach 8,000 plus B2B marketers how to
master ads and manage $3 million a month
in ad spend for top B2B SAS brands. And
the six truths we're going to be sharing
in this video came from our experience.
We've seen it repeated again and again.
And we looked and analyzed all of our
most successful customers, and we want
to understand what are they doing that
the other ones aren't. and we distilled
it into these six truths. Truth number
one is that it's not about more
campaigns. It's about testing few more
impactfully. We find that the companies
that struggle and they fail and they
just can't really get a good groove and
rhythm with ads is that they're just
doing too much and they're doing too
much in an unproductive way. Meaning
they're launching more campaigns because
everyone's got their own agenda in their
company. They're giving into internal
bureaucracy and they're just kind of
getting lost in the motion of launching
things and they're not really focusing
on impact. How do the how do the things
that we're launching actually impact our
KPIs that we care about and just just
doing things with more intention and
more impactfulness? Because when it
comes to ads and really life, but
specifically ads, the 8020 rule is
always there. Meaning 20% of your
campaigns yield 80% of your results. And
you can't really escape that. And then
when you drill into the 20%, it's 9010.
10% of that is yielding 90% of the 20.
So it just like it always comes down to
like there's a few things that are
working really well and you really want
to iterate and learn from those few
things what they are and double down on
it versus always launching net new
things that don't necessarily connect or
repeat or are based off of the things
that are currently working and you just
fall into this trap. The second is B2B
buying does not happen in a silo and
your brand needs to be visible across
channels. I can't tell you how many
times we see people focusing too much on
a single channel and this happens for a
multitude of reasons, but they overindex
on a single channel and they have so
many wins to be had if they just went on
another channel, right? Because
sometimes if you really do do everything
possible, it's like not even from an ROI
standpoint, from a return on effort
standpoint, if you already have LinkedIn
ads at 80% optimaless, you know, then
just go to meta and go from 0 to 10 and
you're already so much better off versus
spending, you know, 10x the effort to go
from 80 to 85 on LinkedIn as an example.
So, you need to be omniresent. It
doesn't happen on a single channel. Like
if you're in B2B, like news flash, like
your buyers aren't just on LinkedIn.
They're on YouTube watching videos.
They're on Meta, you know, scrolling
through their Facebook feeds or they're
on Instagram. They're on Tik Tok.
They're on X. They're on all these
platforms and they're all opportunities
for you to expand your reach and scale
your business. Number three is if you're
only ever focusing on capture, you will
never scale outside of paid search. This
is a huge trap. You know, like everyone
wants the people that are ready to make
a purchasing decision. That's why it's
so freaking expensive. Like that's why
Google ads will never ever get cheaper.
It'll only get more competitive, more
expensive. So for you as a business
watching this, if you can just maximize
what is to be had in terms of search,
but then already start to go up market
and build a full funnel pay media
program where you start to educate and
build awareness with people before
they're actually in market solution
aware looking for something. you can
already give yourself such an advantage.
Not only in terms of being able to drive
more business for you, but in terms of
distribution cost because it's far less
competitive when you go upfunnel than
focusing on the 3% that are, you know,
everyone is and you're just like in this
bidding blood bath on paid search or
even like paid review if you're running
ads on Capterra and and these types of
programs. So definitely focus on getting
outside of this because it's a deadly
trap that people never get off of and
then you know unfortunately you're going
to lose to the people in the long run
that are mixing not only capture but
also create where they're trying to
build brand affinity and trust much
earlier on giving them a competitive
advantage. The fourth is creatives
should tell a story and sell the click
not the product. So often in B2B, B2B
gets a really bad rap for like boring
ads and, you know, feature focused ads
and ads that are not a very problem
ccentric or benefit oriented. And it's
true. And the problem is is like people
are they're just trying to sell a
$50,000 product in their ad copy. Like
it just doesn't work that way. People
click your ad. That's the first step. So
your ad must be compelling enough where
it speaks to the right user. It drives
motivation and and curiosity. They then
go to your landing page, announce the
responsibility of your landing page to
get them to sell them on the next step
in your sales process, which might be
booking the meeting or it might be
signing up for a free trial. But you're
not going to sell a $50,000 product or,
you know, less or more, you know, just
from somebody seeing an ad and then
clicking and converting. Like, you're
not an e-commerce, you know, like in
e-commerce, the ads can sell the
products because, you know, we're
talking about like less than $100 per
product for the most part. So people can
impulse buy and it doesn't take a lot of
thought process. When you're talking
about B2B and you're talking about long
sales cycles, procurement teams,
multiple decision makers, nobody's going
to impulse buy a six-month contract and
a 50k ACV. Like it just doesn't happen.
So just make sure that your creatives
tell a story. They speak to an
overarching theme around the problems
that your prospects care about and
they're really focusing on getting
somebody to click and then your landing
page sets up the next step and so on and
so forth inside your sales process. The
fifth is data is the difference between
profitability and loss. Quick story, we
had a client of ours that basically a
change of leadership happened and
leadership came in and they were like,
"Okay, our northstar is ROI. We need to
become profitable on our paid search.
You have 30 days to make it happen.
Agency, do your magic." And we basically
three to 5x their ROI. How, if you're
asking? Very simple. We paused what
wasn't driving revenue. It was really
that simple. So the 8020 rule, 20% of
your things yield 80% of your results.
We said, "Okay, what are the 20% that
are actually driving revenue?" And then
the 80% that wasn't, we turned it off
because in this case, it was all ROI
focused. And that was only possible
because we had data. So if you don't
have data that connects your ads to your
revenue impact, you're going to be
flying blind and you're not going to be
able to make decisions that are
optimized for your bottom line profit.
So remember, data is the difference
between profitability and loss. Make
sure you have a good CRM in place. Make
sure you're capturing UTMs across
sessions. Make sure you have offline
conversion tracking set up. Make sure
you have a paid revenue dashboard that
combines your ad channel performance
with your CRM performance so that you
can actually make decisions based on
profitability and avoid loss. And then
the sixth and final truth is your ads
will never outperform the offer. I want
to repeat that. your ads will never
outperform the offer. You could be
getting in front of the exactly right
person and they are not taking the
decision you want. Why is that? Like if
you're running ads on LinkedIn, you
should be getting in front of the right
person. And if you're not, that's very
easy to fix. But assuming you're getting
in front of the right person and they're
still not doing what you want, that is a
clear indication that your offer is not
resonating with them for where they are
in their own personal journeys. So
instead of, you know, trying to focus on
like a blue background versus a green
background, saying get a demo versus get
a consultation, you know, creating some
fake free trial, but it's really a demo
in disguise. Like I've seen all kinds of
things like you need to go back to the
drawing board and you need to say, okay,
what is an offer that I can create? What
is the next best thing that I can allow
that I can serve to my audience that
they might be interested in that will
allow me to convert them now because it
matches where they are in terms of their
journey and then it'll allow me to
redirect them to the thing that I
ultimately want them to do which just to
book a demo. So in context or or for an
example here maybe I can't get somebody
to book a demo right now. They're not
ready for it. But I can get them to sign
up for a really great webinar that shows
how I can solve their problems and they
can get a tremendous amount of value
from it, which then allows me to set
myself up as the next logical step to be
able to book demos. This is the kind of
stuff you have to think about when we're
talking about offers. I hope this video
was valuable. Be sure to give this video
a thumbs up. Really helps us grow our
reach as a small channel. And subscribe
so you can be notified of future videos.
When you're ready, check us out over at
adconversion.com and join our community
of 8,000 plus B2B marketers and master
ads with our free courses. Thanks so
much.